Complete server properties (#6011)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/server_manual/services.rst

  Server response to a GetMap request with SELECTION parameter

.. _server_wms_tiled:

TILED
^^^^^

> For performance reasons, QGIS Server can be used in tiled mode. In this
> mode, client requests several small fixed size tiles in order to assemble
> them and form the whole map. Doing this, some symbols who live at the
> boundary between two tiles may appeared cut, because they live in one tile,
> not the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QGIS Server can be used in tiled mode, to allow caching.
In this mode, the client requests several small fixed size tiles, and assembles
them to form the whole map. Doing this, symbols at or near the
boundary between tiles may appeared cut, because they are only present
in one of the tiles.
```

Author: > QGIS Server can be used in tiled mode, to allow caching.

It's not the only reason to use tile mode. You could use it because small tiles are quicker to render and the front needs only to request the new tiles when you pan instead of requesting all the tiles. You could use tile mode without cache.

I committed the other suggestions 96d6600f1
